This directory contains a solution to a following problem:
1. in a .wav file there might or might not be a corrupted section.
2. three sample files were given: 2 corrupted 1 not


Rationale behind the solution:

1.Observations:
	Lets observe, that when there is no sound (after playing the file) the values recorded in the file aren't '0', but rather some close values.
	Lets observe, that a similar thing happens in a portion of a file that's corrupted.
	Lets also observe, that when a signal is 'high' we should expect relatively low frequency of 'low' (or zero-like) values.
2.Solution:
	Data preparation:
		First I load data from a .wav file into np.array object for easy manipulation.
		Second I replace all signals that I classify as 'low' with 1s and all 'high' with 0s.
	
	Lets imagine a perfect scenario, where there is a series of samples that are 'low' followed by a series of samples that are 'high'.
	If we calculate an average density of 'low' samples over a fixed number of samples (span), we will end up with a slightly shorter array of 
	'local densities' of 'low' samples.
	In that scenario when a 'local density' drops from above .5 to below .5 for a i-th sample, that would mean that there is a rising boundary between 
	'low' and 'high' signals located at ~(i+span//2)-th sample (in the original file).
	Similar thing happens when there is a falling boundary between 'high' and 'low' signals.

	In reality there is no clean cut-off between 'high' and 'low' signal sections, however we can deduce from common sense that naturally occurring sounds
	fade or rise slowly - or at least slower than random corruption.
	Therefore, I postulate, that a boundary between corruption induced 'low' signal and its surrounding should be very stable under changing span values.
	When the sound naturally fades away, the boundary should by far more unstable under changing span, as we expect many more naturally occurring 'low' samples
	in a fading signal.

	We should introduce some noise-cancelling (multiple boundary crossings) techniques at this point such as hysteresis, or simple concatenation. Additionally
	we can simply ignore very long (.1s) stretches of silence as these are indistinguishable from intentional silence and are (most likely) irreparable anyway.

	The code presented in this folder does exactly that: produces boundaries for 'low' signal periods and checks their stability under changing span.
